Everyone has a story to tell.
It can be grand, epic,
tragic, and adventurous,
but my story is beautiful.
So I'm going to start off with
the usual, once upon a time
there was this girl who wanted
to show everyone, everywhere
how to look beautiful.
Then one day she appeared on
popular magazines and landed a
deal with Lancome, the largest
luxury makeup brand
in the world.
She appeared in Vogue, Nylon,
Marie Claire, People magazine,
even CNN and popular websites.
Her videos were noticed
worldwide and her
message was spreading.
She even got her own display at
Sephora on Fifth Avenue in New
York, and she made it on
national TV; still doing what
she did from the beginning,
showing women everywhere how to
look and feel beautiful.
This girl accomplished so much
in such little time and I still
can't believe this girl is me.
And I wanted to say
a little thank.
Thank you so much for
supporting me all these years,
for sticking by me, for just
being there for me and for
being my inspiration.
Why am I so grateful?
Because of you I finally
reached one million
subscribers.
What a milestone!
I couldn't have made it this
far without any of your help,
without any of your support,
and your encouragement.
And I couldn't think of
creating a better video than
this video right here.
And I wanted to celebrate my
one millionth subscriber mark
by showing you guys a tutorial.
So, let's get started.
You've see me explain this to
you hundreds of times, but
today's tutorial is not only
going to show you how to look
beautiful on the outside, but
most importantly,
on the inside.
My mother always told beauty
comes from the heart.
When someone is kind
and good natured, they
give off this glow.
It's true.
Makeup can only cover so
much, but the heart is what
gives off your true aura.
I wanted to pass the knowledge
of what my mother told me you,
and let you know that there's
nothing more beautiful
than helping others.
There's nothing more beautiful
than saving a life.
There's so many ways to
save a life, but I don't
know all the ways.
But I can show you one of them.
All it takes is $1.
But most importantly, for
you to spread the word.
About 3.3 billion people, half
of the world's population
are at risk of malaria.
Malaria kills a child every 45
seconds and overall, nearly
one million people each year.
Today, nearly one million lives
have been saved from malaria
because of mosquito nets.
That's it.
It's as simple as a mosquito
net that can help save a life.
Can you imagine if everyone of
my subscribers donated $1?
Dollar We can save
so many lives.
Just letting you know,
every contribution counts.
If you're not able to make
a donation just help
spread the word.
And again, thank you
so much watching.
Let's make a happy
ending in this chapter.
So please, check the
description box below and see
details of how you can
contribute to this cause and
help spread the word.
Let's all do a beautiful thing.